Let's recap the lesson so far.
You should now be able to start a Spark cluster and run a Spark application.
You should be able to create and work with Data Frames.
You should be able to read data from Kafka.
You should also be able to create inquiry,
a spark view, and write data to Kafka.
Upon completion of lesson 1,
you should be able to successfully carry out the following tasks.
Start a Spark cluster and deploy Spark application.
Create a Spark streaming Data Frame with a Kafka Source.
Create a spark view.
Query a spark view. We just talked about streaming Data Frames.
Next we're going to talk about Joins and JSON. I'll see you there.